{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12240\viewh15840\viewkind1\viewscale110
\deftab720
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
cable-car/1873-9.jpg\
http://www.google.com/url?q=http://www.flickriver.com/photos/tags/sanfranciscohistory/interesting/%22&usd=2&usg=ALhdy28p1sbUF8XO4Di4c-T0114ei0RZmw\
First Cable Car, San Francisco, 1873\
\
cable-car/1984-6.jpg\
http://www.flickr.com/photos/jreffell/5604153775/	\
Postcards on February 26th, 1981 from San Francisco.\
\
cable-car/1929-11.jpg	\
http://www.cable-car-guy.com/html/ccsfssr_tech.html	\
The last vestige of the Sutter Street Railroad's cable car service was ended by the Market Street Railway, who got positive public relations out of the abandonment as shown by this photo, November 29, 1929.\
\
cable-car/1964-1.jpg	\
http://i.ebayimg.com/00/s/ODEwWDEwMDA=/$(KGrHqIOKp0E6YCOV4-TBOs,LzT+LQ~~60_1.JPG?set_id=880000500F	\
1964 San Francisco California Sutter Street #46 Cable Car \
\
cable-car/1997.jpg	\
http://www.flickr.com/photos/aibakker/274392980/	\
Friedel Klussmann Memorial Turnaround\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0

\f1 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 cable-car/1877-1.jpg
\f2 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%22"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.ebay.com/itm/c-1877-CROWD-GEARY-LARKIN-CABLE-CAR-CROSSING-SAN-FRANCISCO-8x10-GLOSSY-PHOTO-/360467875791}}\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0

\f1 \cf0 c.1877 CROWD @ GEARY & LARKIN CABLE CAR CROSSING,SAN FRANCISCO
\f2 \
\

\f1 cable-car/1906-5.jpg
\f2 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%22"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.cable-car-guy.com/html/ccsfmsr.html}}\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0

\f1 \cf0 URR California-type cable car, probably on the Valencia Street line, before 1906. The United Railroads of San Francisco succeeded the Market Street Cable Railway Photograph courtesy of the Museum of the City of San Francisco. Oct, 1998 Picture of the Month.
\f2 \
\

\f1 cable-car/1942-2.jpg
\f2 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0

\f1 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.shareable.net/blog/people-v-cars-the-20th-century-battle-over-cities
\f2 \cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0

\f1 \cf0 "Jaywalkers" cross against signal at 5th and Market, San Francisco, 1942.
\f2 \
\

\f1 cable-car/1891-2.jpg
\f2 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0

\f1 \cf2 \ul http://www.cable-car-guy.com/html/ccsfcsc.html
\f2 \cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0

\f1 \cf0 California Street Cable Railroad train, inbound, probably between Franklin and Gough, before 1891\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0

\f2 \cf0 \
cable-car/1988-3.jpg	\
http://cruiselinehistory.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/Municipal-Railway-celebrates-100-years-4150766-1.jpeg	\
Huge crowds gather Dec. 28, 1912, as Municipal Railway begins service, making public transit history.\
\
cable-car/2003-2.jpg	\
http://www.cablecarmuseum.org/gallery/CableCar46.html	\
\
cable-car/1942-2.jpg	\
http://www.cable-car-guy.com/html/ccsfssr_tech.html	\
Sutter Street was converted to electric streetcar operation during the post 1906 earthquake and fire period. In 1913 the United Railroads purchased 65 state-of-the-art cars from the American Car Company. These cars soon became identified with the Sutter Street lines; in fact they became the symbol of Sutter Street transit. Thirty-one years after arriving in San Francisco car 219, looking a little worse for wartime wear, passes the former cable train terminal of Sutter and Sansome, May 5, 1944.}